Welcome to the Knox video training series.
In this video, we’ll show you how to add sub-admins and assign them roles and customers within the Knox MSP Portal.
Let’s get started.
Firstly, begin by logging in at partner.samsungknox.com and launch your MSP Portal
by clicking Knox MSP portal on the left hand side.
You can now begin to add roles for your sub-admins. Start by navigating to Roles on the left side menu.
Note, by default, if you do not add any custom roles, all sub-admins will be given an “MSP Admin role”. To view what permissions this role
gives your admins, click the MSP Admin role name to view its permissions.
On this page, you will be able to create specific roles for your sub-admins to limit their capabilities to specific tasks.
For example, you can create a specific “Helpdesk” role for 1st line support which can allow tasks such as:
Viewing Profiles but not being able to edit them;
Manage licenses on behalf of customers;
View MSP devices and uploads but not delete them;
You can create multiple different roles for different administrators depending on the requirements of your organization.
Once you have named your role and selected the permissions required, press the SAVE button to create that role.
Now that your roles have been created, you can now add your sub-admins to your MSP Portal.
Click on the Administrators tab on the left side menu.
This page will show you all your existing Administrators and their roles, along with which customers they may have access to.
In the top right, you can click “Invite Administrator”.
Enter the details of the sub-admin such as First Name, Last Name, Email Address
Then you can select which Role this sub-admin should be assigned. For example, you can select your newly created “Helpdesk” role.
Also, as a Super Admin, you have the ability to create sub-admins with limited access to specific customers. This enables you to restrict
helpdesk staff from managing complex customer environments,
reserving such access exclusively for 2nd/3rd line support staff.
Once you have finished inputting all the admin details press INVITE button.
Now that you have invited your sub-admins, they will receive an invite Email asking them to sign up for SamsungKnox.com.
Once they follow the sign-up steps, they will have access to your organizations MSP portal.
The Knox MSP Portal provides flexibility and security to only allow your sub-admins access to specific roles and customers.
For more information on MSP, or on getting started with other Knox services, visit docs.samsungknox.com.
Thanks for watching!